
## Introduction
WasToWill Web application

Used Technology stack: NodeJS, ExpressJS , ReactJS, MongoDB

***

## Brief explaination about application

User roles : There are two roles available as Admin and User(Student)

Fuctionality :

Important : When you create a student , make sure to use a valid email address as student email. Because the email address will receive a Temporary password and Verifying Link.

Initial page will be login page and first have to log in to the system as an Admin.
Seeder file in backend root folder. It includes admin and dummy verified student as well.
Admin can create users, view user details and search users by name, email or id and delete specific users.
When Admin creates a user by giving necessary details, the user(student) receives a verification email from the application.
That email includes a temporary password and without verifying the email, the user cannot access the application even using a Temporary password.
For verifying, users have to click the verifying link. That link includes emailToken randomly generated by the application. 
Once an emailToken is only similar to a token that is stored in a database, the account will verify.  
After clicking the verify link in the email user account will activate and then redirect to the login page.
Then the user can use a temporary password to login to the system. (Without verifying email user cannot access)

Students can update their profiles, add notes, view notes, update notes and delete notes.

This app is implemented by using JWT token based authentication and token save in frontend using cookie.


All routes are protected.
***

## Run application

1.	Clone the Repository.
2.	Go to backend folder ``` cd backend ```
3.	Run ``` npm install ```
4.	Run ``` node seeder.js ```
3.	Run ``` npm start ``` Server will be run on port:8000

While running server,

1.  Go to frontend folder ``` cd frontend ```
2.	Run ``` npm install ```
3.	Run ``` npm start ``` App will be open on port:3000 with login screen

Using following credencials login to the system and create the users.

Email- admin@gmail.com
Password - admin123


In case I added verified student as well in seeder.js file.

Verified student Email - student@gmail.com
Password - student123 



## Thank You!



